Generate keys (#73)
ggxchain/documentation: src/developer-documentation/keys/subkey-create-keys.md

## Key Generation using Subkey Tool

Subkey is a command-line utility used with Substrate-based chains for managing keys. Here's how you can generate keys for GGX chain using Subkey:

### Install Dependencies

You may need to install some dependencies first. You can install them by running:

```bash
sudo apt install -y build-essential protobuf-compiler pkg-config libssl-dev clang libclang-dev
```

### Install Rust

> If you don't have Rust installed, you can install it with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have Rust installed, you can install it with:
```
